src/content/work/mandae.mdx, before:

---
draft: false
title: Mandaê
description: Built a responsive shipment management platform in AngularJS, enabling operational scale for logistics customers.
pubDate: 2016-01-01
periodStart: 2016-01-01
periodEnd: 2018-12-31
tags: [frontend, angularjs, logistics]
role: Frontend Developer
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: Mandaê
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/mandae.png
companyUrl: mande.com.br
techStack: [AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML, CSS]
current: false
---

## The logistics challenge

Joining Mandaê during an exciting growth phase, I faced the challenge of building a shipment management platform that could handle the complexity of modern logistics while remaining intuitive for users. In the bustling startup ecosystem of São Paulo, every feature needed to count—speed and reliability were paramount.

## Building for scale

I built a responsive shipment management platform using AngularJS that became the operational backbone for logistics customers. This wasn't just about tracking packages—it was about creating a tool that enabled businesses to scale their operations efficiently. Whether it was a small business shipping their first package or a large enterprise managing thousands of daily shipments, the platform had to work flawlessly.

## Architecting for the future

One of my key contributions was establishing component modularity patterns that transformed how the team built features. By creating reusable, well-structured components, we reduced feature development time significantly. This meant the team could ship new features faster and with better consistency—critical advantages in a competitive market where speed of innovation determined success.

## Learning and growing

Working at Mandaê taught me valuable lessons about building products in a startup environment. I learned that technical decisions have immediate business impact, that code modularity directly translates to team velocity, and that the best solutions are those that make complex problems feel simple for users.

Commit message:

chore: refactor all work texts

src/content/work/mandae.mdx, after:

---
draft: false
title: Mandaê
description: Built a responsive shipment management platform in AngularJS, enabling operational scale for logistics customers.
pubDate: 2016-01-01
periodStart: 2016-01-01
periodEnd: 2018-12-31
tags: [frontend, angularjs, logistics]
role: Frontend Developer
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: Mandaê
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/mandae.png
companyUrl: mande.com.br
techStack: [AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML, CSS]
current: false
---

Mandaê was my first startup experience. This was 2016 in São Paulo. The company had about 2,000 customers, mostly small e-commerce businesses who needed help with shipping.

I built a shipment management platform in AngularJS. It sounds straightforward, but logistics is complicated, involving tracking packages across carriers, handling incidents, and giving accurate estimates. The platform became the operational backbone for customers, whether shipping one package or thousands per day.

I focused on component modularity early on. Without good patterns, we'd end up with a tangled mess. I created reusable, well-structured components that let the team ship features faster and keep things consistent.

The startup environment taught me how technical decisions translate directly to business impact. There's no buffer between writing code and affecting real customers. Code modularity isn't abstract. It's what lets a small team move fast without breaking things.

Mandaê was acquired by Nuvemshop in 2021. It was a formative time, and I still think about those lessons.
