src/content/work/payu.mdx, before:

---
draft: false
title: PayU América Latina
description: Led checkout flow optimization achieving 30% conversion increase through A/B testing and performance improvements.
pubDate: 2013-01-01
periodStart: 2013-01-01
periodEnd: 2016-12-31
tags: [frontend, optimization, ab-testing, payments]
role: Frontend Engineer
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: PayU América Latina
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/payu.png
companyUrl: payu.com
techStack: [JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery]
current: false
---

## Where code meets revenue

At PayU América Latina, I discovered something that would shape my entire career perspective: in payments, every line of code directly impacts the bottom line. A faster checkout flow doesn't just improve user experience—it literally increases revenue. This realization transformed how I approached frontend development.

## The 30% breakthrough

My main focus was optimizing checkout flows, and the results spoke for themselves: a 30% increase in conversions through strategic A/B testing and performance improvements. This wasn't achieved through magic—it came from relentless experimentation, careful measurement, and a deep understanding of user psychology. Every millisecond of load time mattered, every form field was scrutinized, and every interaction was optimized.

## The science of A/B testing

I developed a rigorous approach to A/B testing that went beyond surface-level changes. We tested everything—from button colors and form layouts to entire user journeys. What started as guesswork evolved into a data-driven discipline where every decision was backed by metrics. Seeing the conversion rates climb was incredibly rewarding, but even more valuable was learning the systematic approach to optimization.

## Beyond the checkout

My impact extended beyond the checkout flow. I had the opportunity to lead the institutional site rebrand initiative, a project that required coordinating efforts between product and marketing teams. This experience taught me that great software engineering is as much about communication and collaboration as it is about writing code. Delivering a cohesive brand experience required bridging different perspectives and finding common ground.

## Foundation for growth

My three years at PayU were formative in many ways. Working in the fintech space taught me to think rigorously about performance, security, and user experience. I learned that the best frontend work happens at the intersection of technical excellence and business value—a lesson that continues to guide my work today.

Commit message:

chore: refactor all work texts

src/content/work/payu.mdx, after:

---
draft: false
title: PayU América Latina
description: Led checkout flow optimization achieving 30% conversion increase through A/B testing and performance improvements.
pubDate: 2013-01-01
periodStart: 2013-01-01
periodEnd: 2016-12-31
tags: [frontend, optimization, ab-testing, payments]
role: Frontend Engineer
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: PayU América Latina
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/payu.png
companyUrl: payu.com
techStack: [JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery]
current: false
---

PayU was where I learned something that shaped my career: in payments, every line of code directly impacts revenue. A faster checkout makes more money.

I spent most of my time optimizing checkout flows. We did rigorous A/B testing, trying button colors, form layouts, and entire user journeys. What started as guesswork became a systematic, data-driven approach. We increased conversions by 30% through performance improvements and UX changes.

Every millisecond mattered. Every form field got scrutinized. It was satisfying to watch conversion rates climb, but even more valuable was learning the discipline. I learned how to run good experiments, measure properly, and resist changing too many things at once.

I also led the institutional site rebrand. This was less about technical skills and more about coordination, bridging the gap between product and marketing to deliver a cohesive brand experience.

My three years at PayU were formative. Fintech teaches you to care about performance, security, and user experience because these have immediate, measurable consequences. That mindset of building at the intersection of technical excellence and business value is something I still carry with me.
