src/content/work/vivo-telefonica.mdx, before:

---
draft: false
title: Vivo
description: Built a Vue self-service UI, reusable, tested, and stable, cutting support calls and boosting UX
pubDate: 2019-06-01
periodStart: 2019-06-01
periodEnd: 2020-05-01
tags: [design systems, frontend, vuejs, nodejs]
role: Senior Software Frontend Engineer
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: Vivo
companyUrl: vivo.com.br
techStack: [VueJS, NodeJS, TypeScript]
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/vivo.png
coverImage: meu-vivo.jpg
logoBackground: vivo-purple
current: false
---

## Transforming customer experience

At Vivo (Telefônica Brasil), I took on the challenge of refactoring a customer self-service application that was becoming difficult to maintain. The application was the face of the company for millions of customers, and it needed to reflect the quality and reliability that people expected from Brazil's leading telecommunications provider.

## Building with Vue and Jest

I led the refactoring effort using Vue and Jest, focusing on improving the CSS architecture and component reusability. This wasn't just about modernizing the codebase—it was about creating a more maintainable foundation that would serve customers for years to come. The result? A significant reduction in support volume as customers could now self-service more effectively.

## Automating quality

One of my key contributions was implementing a CI/CD pipeline for automated testing. This transformed the deployment process from a manual, anxiety-inducing exercise into a smooth, predictable workflow. By reducing manual QA cycles, we not only decreased deployment risk but also accelerated our release cadence—allowing us to ship features faster and with more confidence.

## The human impact

What made this work particularly rewarding was seeing the direct impact on customers. Every improvement to the self-service application meant fewer frustrating phone calls to customer support and more people getting the help they needed, when they needed it. It was a reminder that great software isn't just about elegant code—it's about improving people's lives.

Commit message:

chore: refactor all work texts

src/content/work/vivo-telefonica.mdx, after:

---
draft: false
title: Vivo
description: Built a Vue self-service UI, reusable, tested, and stable, cutting support calls and boosting UX
pubDate: 2019-06-01
periodStart: 2019-06-01
periodEnd: 2020-05-01
tags: [design systems, frontend, vuejs, nodejs]
role: Senior Software Frontend Engineer
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: Vivo
companyUrl: vivo.com.br
techStack: [VueJS, NodeJS, TypeScript]
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/vivo.png
coverImage: meu-vivo.jpg
logoBackground: vivo-purple
current: false
---

When I joined Vivo, they had a customer self-service application that was showing its age. It worked but was becoming difficult to maintain. This is the face of the company for millions of customers.

I led the refactoring effort, moving to Vue and Jest. We focused on improving CSS architecture and component reusability. The goal was to create something sustainable for years to come.

The impact was tangible: support volume went down because customers could self-service effectively. Every improvement meant fewer frustrating phone calls and more people getting help without picking up the phone.

I also set up a CI/CD pipeline for automated testing, transforming deployment from manual and stressful to smooth and predictable. We reduced manual QA cycles and accelerated release cadence. Teams could ship features faster with more confidence.

What I really liked was seeing the direct human impact. Great software isn't just elegant code. It's about improving people's lives. When a customer can quickly check data usage or pay a bill without friction, that's a win.
