src/content/work/wunderman-brasil.mdx, before:

---
draft: false
title: Wunderman Brasil
description: Led technical architecture and migration strategy for client platforms, improving scalability and long-term maintainability.
pubDate: 2018-01-01
periodStart: 2018-01-01
periodEnd: 2019-12-31
tags: [frontend, architecture, tech-lead]
role: Tech Lead
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: Wunderman Brasil
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/wunderman.png
companyUrl: wunderman.com.br
techStack: [JavaScript, HTML, CSS]
current: false
---

## From developer to leader

My transition into a Tech Lead role at Wunderman Brasil marked a significant milestone in my career. Suddenly, I wasn't just responsible for my code—I was responsible for technical decisions that would affect entire projects and teams. The challenge was both terrifying and exhilarating.

## Architecting for the unknown

Working at an agency meant facing a unique challenge: every client had different needs, different constraints, and different visions for their digital presence. I defined technical architecture and migration strategies that had to be flexible enough to accommodate diverse requirements while maintaining scalability and long-term maintainability. It was like building foundations for buildings I hadn't seen yet.

## The art of migration

Migration projects are never just about technology—they're about managing change while keeping systems running. I developed strategies that allowed teams to modernize platforms incrementally, reducing risk while delivering continuous value. Each migration taught me something new about balancing technical idealism with practical constraints.

## Bridging worlds

One of the most rewarding aspects of my role was leading cross-functional coordination between design and engineering teams. I established delivery standards that ensured smooth collaboration and high-quality deliverables. Watching designers and developers find common ground was incredibly satisfying—it turned potential conflicts into creative partnerships.

## Leadership lessons

Wunderman taught me that technical leadership isn't about having all the answers—it's about asking the right questions, creating environments where teams can thrive, and making decisions that balance immediate needs with long-term vision. I learned that the best technical architecture is worthless without the team culture to sustain it.

## Growing into the role

Looking back, my time at Wunderman was transformative. It pushed me to develop not just technical skills but also the soft skills that define effective leadership: communication, empathy, strategic thinking, and the ability to see the bigger picture while sweating the details.

Commit message:

chore: refactor all work texts

src/content/work/wunderman-brasil.mdx, after:

---
draft: false
title: Wunderman Brasil
description: Led technical architecture and migration strategy for client platforms, improving scalability and long-term maintainability.
pubDate: 2018-01-01
periodStart: 2018-01-01
periodEnd: 2019-12-31
tags: [frontend, architecture, tech-lead]
role: Tech Lead
location: São Paulo, Brasil
company: Wunderman Brasil
companyLogo: assets/images/logos/wunderman.png
companyUrl: wunderman.com.br
techStack: [JavaScript, HTML, CSS]
current: false
---

Wunderman was my first proper tech lead role. Suddenly I wasn't just responsible for my code. I was making technical decisions that would affect entire projects and teams. It was terrifying and exhilarating.

Working at an agency is unique. Every client has different needs, constraints, and visions. I defined technical architectures and migration strategies flexible enough to handle variety while remaining scalable and maintainable. It's like building foundations for buildings you haven't seen yet.

Migration projects were a big part of the work. They're never just about technology. They're about managing change while keeping systems running. I developed strategies for modernizing platforms incrementally, reducing risk while delivering continuous value.

I also coordinated between design and engineering teams. I established delivery standards to smooth collaboration and ensure quality. Watching designers and developers find common ground turned potential conflicts into partnerships.

Technical leadership isn't about having all the answers. It's about asking the right questions, creating environments where teams can thrive, and balancing immediate needs with long-term vision. The best architecture is worthless without the team culture to sustain it.

This was also when Wunderman and J. Walter Thompson were merging to form Wunderman Thompson, so there was a lot of change. That environment teaches you to be adaptable and comfortable with ambiguity.
